not sure why the elements appear larger than specified for the view port in the browser dev tools

When applying the hover and opacity affect with text over an image for the flex-images class items the affect isn't being carried out by the browser, I tried to set this up on the first image element in this group by putting it in a container and then another container to use the relative and absolute positions to specify their locations.  I tried to emulate an example described by the W3 site.

I tried to improve what I did earlier and I did get further in terms of the building and styling of the Front End Mentor Loop Studio project. I got the word over lay on top of an image to work on the the first gallery flex-image element in the mobile portion however I just noticed that it appears over top of a different element than what I intended. I didn't even really get to style the desktop portion it took me the whole weekend just to do what I did to the mobile. I did clean up the project by separating the css from the html and put the css in a separate file. For now the mobile in a separate html file, I did that because I was getting over whelmed by doing the desktop and the mobile in a combined index file format so I started over with separate files in a focused way to start from the top and work down building/styling approach and mobile start small first approach. I made a read me file but I don't think that I mentioned the above so I'm saying it here just in case and I'll update it to include this so it is in both places. Although I have no problem moving the html code again into a combined html index if need be, that's what I have to present in the time allotted.